readme.md, before:

# Ada React Workshop file initial instruction

## STEP 1: Instructions for running the environment

1. Make sure you have those things installed by typing in your terminal:
- node
- npm
- yarn
2. Go to chosen directory for a project:
`cd /c/user/my_projects`
3. Clone this repository there:
`https://github.com/mbondyra/ada-react-workshop`
4. Install all the dependencies with:
`yarn`
5. Run your project with:
`yarn start`
6. You can view your project under `https://localhost:8000`. Any change you'll do will be automatically updated in the browser.

## STEP 2: Get to know the project structure: Modify content, styles and JS
 
1. Change the main title 'Hello world' to 'Hello Ada.js'
2. Based on imports in the file App.js guess which file contains csses. Play with the colors; change the color of the background 
3. Notice how the file imports image 'react-logo.svg'. There's one more image file in your repository: find it and replace `react-logo.svg` with it.  

## STEP 3: Switch branch to go to the next exercise

1. To display the updated instruction, go to the branch `task-2` in github. The instruction (coming from the readme file) will be updated.
2. Checkout branch in your local repository (you can stash your changes before) `git checkout task-2`
3. The branch content is updated. 

##Want more info about this project structure? It's simple create-react-app

Commit message:

feat: task-2 modules and jsx

readme.md, after:

# Ada React Workshop file JSX & Modules

## STEP 1: What's a JSX?

So you have the basic idea of what's JSX - an XML-like syntax extension of JavaScript. It means that you can basically write HTML in Javascript. It's a great feature of React because it helps with readability. There are some differences though.

## STEP 2: Differences between HTML & JSX

1. Run the app as before (`yarn start`) and take a look at the three divs you have in a `App-content` container. Modify the looks of the divs. 
HINT: Remember that:
- styles in JSX should be written as objects so eg.
`style="color: black"` becomes `style={{color: 'black'}}`
- class is a reserved word in Javascript, we use it to CREATE a class, so it cannot be used in JSX. That's why instead we have className.
- id stays id and it works exactly the same way as in HTML.

## STEP 3: Modularize your app

One of the biggest advantages of React is that it's very easy to modularize your app. 
1. Take a look at a file `Header.js` and compare it to the lines #11-14 of `App.js` file.
2. Replace lines #11-14 with this file.
    2.1. Import a file with 
        `import Header from 'Header'`
    2.2. Replace lines 11-14 with `<Header />`
    2.3. Take a look at imports in `App.js` file. It looks like one is not being used - remove it.
3. Extract `App-content` the same way. Create a new file basing on `Header.js` and repeat operations from #2.
 
## STEP 4: Switch branch to go to the next exercise

1. To display the updated instruction, go to the branch `task-3` in github. The instruction (coming from the readme file) will be updated.
2. Checkout branch in your local repository (you can stash your changes before) `git checkout task-3`
3. The branch content is updated.
